Template updates (#447)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: _dropin-templates/dropin-dictionary.mdx

---
title: DROPIN_NAME dictionary
description: Learn how to customize the default dictionary for the DROPIN_NAME drop-in component.
---

import CodeInclude from '@components/CodeInclude.astro';
import CodeImport from '@components/CodeImport.astro';
import dictionary from '@dropins/storefront-DROPIN_PACKAGE/i18n/en_US.json.d.ts?raw';

> The default DROPIN_NAME dictionary file (`i18n/en_US.json`) contains the default values for all labels and text common to the DROPIN_NAME drop-in component.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default DROPIN_NAME dictionary includes the default English values for all labels and text common to the DROPIN_NAME drop-in component.

```

Referencing an `i18n/en_US.json` file may cause confusion, as no such file exists in the Boilerplate, and developers do not have direct access to it. Instead, developers provide a JSON object to the drop-in’s initializer to override default values with custom labels or translations.
